[doc] Provide further documentation about the `pipeline_timeout` attribute (#2816)
reframe-hpc/reframe: docs/pipeline.rst

   Execution contexts were formalized.

---------------------------------------------------------

> Raising the throughput of jobs in the asynchronous policy

Reviewer: What about this as a title?

```suggestion
Tweaking the throughput and interactivity of test jobs in the asynchronous execution policy
```
